docs: Update troubleshooting.md (#4903)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/v0.31/troubleshooting.md

This error indicates that the `vpc.amazonaws.com/pod-eni` resource was never reported on the node. If you've enabled Pod ENI for Karpenter nodes via the `aws.enablePodENI` setting, you will need to make the corresponding change to the VPC CNI to enable [security groups for pods](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/security-groups-for-pods.html) which will cause the resource to be registered.

> ### Node provisioning and deprovisioning loop

Reviewer: I think there is a third option here, which is to use the native interruption handling that Karpenter offers. Should we link users that come here to the "Interruption" section of the disruption doc?

Author: I think that option should also come with a caveat - In case a user uses both NTH with SQS and Karpenter with SQS (as stated in the interruption section). It could potentially have the same loop effect.

Reviewer: Is using both a real scenario? I think we absolutely need to reference users over to the interruption documentation, since this should be Karpenter's de-facto way for handling these notifications. I'm fine telling users how to do it with NTH since there's definitely a subset of users that are using Karpenter with NTH, but those should be the exception, not the rule

Reviewer: I think the only good case for using NTH now is if you need rebalance recommendation draining for nodes

Author: I see your point, ill add a reference and some notes as well.

An identified potential cause for a continuous cycle of nodes being provisioned and immediately deprovisioned by Karpenter, can stem from a functionality that exists within AWS Node Termination Handler (NTH), specifically - the Capacity Rebalancing.

> Spot instances are time limited and therefore, interruptible. Once a signal is sent by AWS. This triggers a NTH and Karpenter, where the former signals a shutdown and the later provisions - creating a recursive situation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Spot instances are time limited and, therefore, interruptible. When a signal is sent by AWS, it triggers actions from NTH and Karpenter, where the former signals a shutdown and the later provisions, creating a recursive situation.
```
If I understand your meaning, I think this reads a bit better.

This can be mitigated by either completely removing NTH or by setting the following values:

> # enableSpotInterruptionDraining If false, do not drain nodes when the spot interruption termination notice is received. Only used in IMDS mode.

Reviewer: Is this actually the behavior that you want when using NTH? If you just disable draining, won't you still get reclaimed and then you're right back where you started? Or am I missing the behavior here, which is that Fleet will still give back the same instance type capacity pool until the interruption is fully processed?

Author: in the scenario where it happens you already have pods in Pending status.
so what happens is that they get scheduled onto a Spot instance provisioned by Karpenter, but NTH begins draining the node immediately because of the cycle of interruptions its in.

We were able to stop this cycle by stopping NTH from draining anything and letting Karpenter do all the work.

> # enableSpotInterruptionDraining If false, do not drain nodes when the spot interruption termination notice is received. Only used in IMDS mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* enableSpotInterruptionDraining: If false, do not drain nodes when the spot interruption termination notice is received. Only used in IMDS mode.
```
I think you want something more like a bullet here, rather than an H1 heading.

enableSpotInterruptionDraining: false

> # enableRebalanceDraining If true, drain nodes when the rebalance recommendation notice is received. Only used in IMDS mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* enableRebalanceDrainin: If true, drain nodes when the rebalance recommendation notice is received. Only used in IMDS mode.
```

This error indicates that the `vpc.amazonaws.com/pod-eni` resource was never reported on the node. If you've enabled Pod ENI for Karpenter nodes via the `aws.enablePodENI` setting, you will need to make the corresponding change to the VPC CNI to enable [security groups for pods](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/security-groups-for-pods.html) which will cause the resource to be registered.

> ### Node provisioning and deprovisioning loop

Reviewer 3: Can we name this section to be more indicative of the issue? 

What do you think about this?
```suggestion
### AWS Node Termination Handler (NTH) interactions
```

> An identified potential cause for a continuous cycle of nodes being provisioned and immediately deprovisioned by Karpenter, can stem from a functionality that exists within AWS Node Termination Handler (NTH) called Capacity Rebalancing.
> Spot instances are time limited and, therefore, interruptible. When a signal is sent by AWS, it triggers actions from NTH and Karpenter, where the former signals a shutdown and the later provisions, creating a recursive situation.
> This can be mitigated by either completely removing NTH or by setting the following values:

Reviewer 3: Some further nits on wording/spelling. Let me know what you think: 

Would you also mind porting these changes you make here to the other versions as well? 
```suggestion
A potential cause for a continuous cycle of nodes being provisioned and immediately deprovisioned by Karpenter can stem from Capacity Rebalancing with the AWS Node Termination Handler (NTH).
Spot instances are time limited and, therefore, interruptible. When a signal is sent by AWS, it triggers actions from NTH and Karpenter, where the former signals a shutdown and the latter provisions, creating a recursive situation.
This can be mitigated by either completely removing NTH or by setting the following values:
```

This error indicates that the `vpc.amazonaws.com/pod-eni` resource was never reported on the node. If you've enabled Pod ENI for Karpenter nodes via the `aws.enablePodENI` setting, you will need to make the corresponding change to the VPC CNI to enable [security groups for pods](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/security-groups-for-pods.html) which will cause the resource to be registered.

### AWS Node Termination Handler (NTH) interactions

> Karpenter [doesn't currently support draining and terminating on spot rebalance recommendations]({{< ref "concepts/disruption#interruption" >}}). Users who want support for both drain and terminate on spot interruption as well as drain and termination on spot rebalance recommendations may install Node Termination Handler (NTH) on their clusters to support this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Karpenter [doesn't currently support draining and terminating on spot rebalance recommendations]({{< ref "concepts/deprovisioning#interruption" >}}). Users who want support for both drain and terminate on spot interruption as well as drain and termination on spot rebalance recommendations may install Node Termination Handler (NTH) on their clusters to support this behavior.
```

Author: @jonathan-innis applied the suggestions.
i actually learned a lot about this process! so i'd like to thank you and everyone!
